docs/resources/power_outlet_template.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_power_outlet_template Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: "Data Center Inventory Management (DCIM)"
description: |-
  From the official documentation https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/models/dcim/poweroutlettemplate/:
  A template for a power outlets that will be created on all instantiations of the parent device type. See the power outlets documentation for more detail.
---

# netbox_power_outlet_template (Resource)

From the [official documentation](https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/models/dcim/poweroutlettemplate/):

> A template for a power outlets that will be created on all instantiations of the parent device type. See the power outlets documentation for more detail.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (Number)
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `feed_leg` (String) One of [A, B, C].
- `label` (String)
- `module_id` (Number)
- `power_port_id` (Number)
- `type` (String) One of [iec-60320-c5, iec-60320-c7, iec-60320-c13, iec-60320-c15, iec-60320-c19, iec-60320-c21, iec-60309-p-n-e-4h, iec-60309-p-n-e-6h, iec-60309-p-n-e-9h, iec-60309-2p-e-4h, iec-60309-2p-e-6h, iec-60309-2p-e-9h, iec-60309-3p-e-4h, iec-60309-3p-e-6h, iec-60309-3p-e-9h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-4h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-6h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-9h, nema-1-15r, nema-5-15r, nema-5-20r, nema-5-30r, nema-5-50r, nema-6-15r, nema-6-20r, nema-6-30r, nema-6-50r, nema-10-30r, nema-10-50r, nema-14-20r, nema-14-30r, nema-14-50r, nema-14-60r, nema-15-15r, nema-15-20r, nema-15-30r, nema-15-50r, nema-15-60r, nema-l1-15r, nema-l5-15r, nema-l5-20r, nema-l5-30r, nema-l5-50r, nema-l6-15r, nema-l6-20r, nema-l6-30r, nema-l6-50r, nema-l10-30r, nema-l14-20r, nema-l14-30r, nema-l14-50r, nema-l14-60r, nema-l15-20r, nema-l15-30r, nema-l15-50r, nema-l15-60r, nema-l21-20r, nema-l21-30r, nema-l22-30r, CS6360C, CS6364C, CS8164C, CS8264C, CS8364C, CS8464C, ita-e, ita-f, ita-g, ita-h, ita-i, ita-j, ita-k, ita-l, ita-m, ita-n, ita-o, ita-multistandard, usb-a, usb-micro-b, usb-c, dc-terminal, hdot-cx, saf-d-grid, neutrik-powercon-20a, neutrik-powercon-32a, neutrik-powercon-true1, neutrik-powercon-true1-top, ubiquiti-smartpower, hardwired, other].

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

fix: device_type_id for power_outlets

docs/resources/power_outlet_template.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_power_outlet_template Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: "Data Center Inventory Management (DCIM)"
description: |-
  From the official documentation https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/models/dcim/poweroutlettemplate/:
  A template for a power outlets that will be created on all instantiations of the parent device type. See the power outlets documentation for more detail.
---

# netbox_power_outlet_template (Resource)

From the [official documentation](https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/models/dcim/poweroutlettemplate/):

> A template for a power outlets that will be created on all instantiations of the parent device type. See the power outlets documentation for more detail.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `device_type_id` (Number) Exactly one of `device_type_id` or `module_type_id` must be given.
- `feed_leg` (String) One of [A, B, C].
- `label` (String)
- `module_type_id` (Number) Exactly one of `device_type_id` or `module_type_id` must be given.
- `power_port_id` (Number)
- `type` (String) One of [iec-60320-c5, iec-60320-c7, iec-60320-c13, iec-60320-c15, iec-60320-c19, iec-60320-c21, iec-60309-p-n-e-4h, iec-60309-p-n-e-6h, iec-60309-p-n-e-9h, iec-60309-2p-e-4h, iec-60309-2p-e-6h, iec-60309-2p-e-9h, iec-60309-3p-e-4h, iec-60309-3p-e-6h, iec-60309-3p-e-9h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-4h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-6h, iec-60309-3p-n-e-9h, nema-1-15r, nema-5-15r, nema-5-20r, nema-5-30r, nema-5-50r, nema-6-15r, nema-6-20r, nema-6-30r, nema-6-50r, nema-10-30r, nema-10-50r, nema-14-20r, nema-14-30r, nema-14-50r, nema-14-60r, nema-15-15r, nema-15-20r, nema-15-30r, nema-15-50r, nema-15-60r, nema-l1-15r, nema-l5-15r, nema-l5-20r, nema-l5-30r, nema-l5-50r, nema-l6-15r, nema-l6-20r, nema-l6-30r, nema-l6-50r, nema-l10-30r, nema-l14-20r, nema-l14-30r, nema-l14-50r, nema-l14-60r, nema-l15-20r, nema-l15-30r, nema-l15-50r, nema-l15-60r, nema-l21-20r, nema-l21-30r, nema-l22-30r, CS6360C, CS6364C, CS8164C, CS8264C, CS8364C, CS8464C, ita-e, ita-f, ita-g, ita-h, ita-i, ita-j, ita-k, ita-l, ita-m, ita-n, ita-o, ita-multistandard, usb-a, usb-micro-b, usb-c, dc-terminal, hdot-cx, saf-d-grid, neutrik-powercon-20a, neutrik-powercon-32a, neutrik-powercon-true1, neutrik-powercon-true1-top, ubiquiti-smartpower, hardwired, other].

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
